# product-planning - Meeting Transcript

**ID:** product_dev_FlowForce_8 | **Date:** 2026-07-27
**Participants:** eid_e5e36dc1, eid_294ba09d, eid_610a4c21, eid_4e8b2cdc, eid_5827604d, eid_9a7b2132, eid_f2474622, eid_8605f7ee, eid_71071933, eid_399e4119, eid_d098d618, eid_d0d918f1, eid_fc0f17c3, eid_ba9224d2, eid_b6268ef7

---

Attendees
Alice Davis, Alice Martinez, Alice Martinez, Hannah Taylor, Hannah Martinez, Ian Miller, George Martinez, Julia Garcia, George Brown, Fiona Davis, Ian Miller, Charlie Miller, Fiona Brown, Alice Taylor, Charlie Taylor
Transcript
Alice Davis: Alright team, let's get started with our sprint review for FlowForce. First, let's go over the status of our completed PRs. Hannah, could you give us a quick update?
Hannah Taylor: Sure, Alice. So far, we've successfully merged the PRs related to the performance enhancements and latency reduction features. The AI-driven analysis module is now fully integrated and functioning as expected.
Alice Martinez: That's great to hear, Hannah. Those were critical for our upcoming release. Now, let's move on to the pending tasks. We have the task of improving security measures. Can someone provide an update on the PR for updating encryption protocols?
Hannah Taylor: Yes, I submitted a PR for updating the encryption protocols, but it needs additional revisions. There were some issues with compatibility across different systems.
George Brown: I can take over from here. I'll work on a new PR to address those compatibility issues and ensure the encryption algorithms are up to the latest standards.
Alice Davis: Great, George. So, just to confirm, you'll be handling the new PR for the task of improving security measures?
George Brown: Yes, I confirm. I'll take care of this implementation and submit the new PR by the end of the week.
Alice Martinez: Perfect. Let's make sure we have a thorough review process in place once George submits the PR. Ian, could you assist with the review once it's ready?
Ian Miller: Got it, I'll be on standby to review the PR as soon as George submits it.
Hannah Martinez: Thanks, Ian. And George, if you need any help with the encryption protocols, feel free to reach out. We want to ensure everything is secure and up to date.
George Brown: Will do, Hannah. I'll reach out if I run into any issues.
Julia Garcia: Just a quick question, George. Are we considering any specific encryption standards for this update?
George Brown: Yes, Julia. We're looking at implementing AES-256 for data at rest and TLS 1.3 for data in transit. These should cover our security needs comprehensively.
Julia Garcia: Sounds good. Let me know if you need any help with testing those implementations.
Hannah Taylor: Alright, team. I think we're all set with the assignments. Let's aim to have everything ready for the next sprint. Thanks, everyone, for your hard work and collaboration.
Alice Davis: Thanks, everyone. Let's keep up the great work. Meeting adjourned.
