# product-planning - Meeting Transcript

**ID:** product_dev_ForecastForce_5 | **Date:** 2026-06-15
**Participants:** eid_12f75faa, eid_86044ae5, eid_bd791efc, eid_3b36c220, eid_9f13e9bc, eid_b5009faa, eid_f9e25d18, eid_edc07895, eid_5fdedf85, eid_efb73819, eid_fe9e7eee, eid_bef4290f, eid_1bf91687, eid_dbc6178f, eid_2604c806, eid_8a3b36d4, eid_b7702c98, eid_8333ab24, eid_57e922c4, eid_cc27a0cd, eid_9685a278, eid_6d9f2150, eid_c702b642

---

Attendees
David Taylor, George Brown, David Garcia, David Smith, Hannah Taylor, Alice Taylor, Bob Williams, Julia Jones, Alice Smith, Hannah Taylor, George Garcia, Alice Williams, Julia Miller, Hannah Garcia, George Jones, Alice Garcia, Bob Johnson, Julia Jones, Alice Miller, Charlie Johnson, Bob Miller, Hannah Johnson, Alice Jones
Transcript
David Taylor: Alright team, let's kick off this sprint review. First, let's go over the completed PRs. Bob, could you start with the API structure?
Bob Williams: Sure, David. The 'Implement Flexible API Structure for Forecast Models' PR is complete. We've developed a modular architecture that should make it easier to integrate and extend forecast models. Any feedback on this?
David Smith: Great work, Bob. This will definitely streamline future integrations. Let's move on to the user consent management system. Hannah, could you update us?
Hannah Taylor: Absolutely. The 'Implement User Consent Management System' is also complete. We've added UI components for consent capture and backend logic for verification, ensuring GDPR compliance.
Alice Taylor: That's a crucial addition. Well done, Hannah. Now, let's discuss the pending tasks. Starting with the customizable forecast models. George, you're up for the UI development, right?
George Brown: Yes, that's correct. I'll be working on the 'Develop Intuitive UI with Drag-and-Drop Functionality'. I'll ensure it's responsive and user-friendly.
David Taylor: Great, George. Moving on to security enhancements. Hannah, you're handling the data access controls?
Hannah Taylor: Yes, I'll be implementing the 'Enhance Data Access Controls' with RBAC to align with GDPR and HIPAA standards. Got it, I’ll handle this.
David Smith: Perfect. Now, about the integration capabilities. Julia, your PR needs revisions, right?
Julia Miller: Yes, my initial PR for 'Implement OAuth 2.0 Authentication for API Integrations' needs some tweaks. Julia Jones will take over and submit a new PR.
Julia Jones: I confirm, I’ll take care of this implementation.
Alice Taylor: Thanks, Julia. Lastly, resource allocation optimization. George, your PR needs revisions too?
George Jones: Correct, my PR for 'Integrate Distributed Computing Resources' needs some adjustments. Hannah Garcia will work on a new PR.
Hannah Garcia: Got it, I’ll handle this.
David Taylor: Thanks, everyone. Let's aim to have these tasks completed by the end of the sprint. Any questions or concerns before we wrap up?
Hannah Taylor: No questions from me. Everything's clear.
George Brown: All good here too.
David Smith: Great, let's make this sprint a success. Thanks, everyone!
