# product-planning - Meeting Transcript

**ID:** product_dev_PitchForce_5 | **Date:** 2026-10-03
**Participants:** eid_50da4819, eid_ee9ca887, eid_8df92d08, eid_85a4de81, eid_c0df5be6, eid_66d09012, eid_469598db, eid_df39cc9e, eid_d9f42fd7, eid_932ce89c, eid_17e55125, eid_da6c2317, eid_48e149b5, eid_a8a4fdcb, eid_73ca2844, eid_0deececb, eid_dd1ff0ca, eid_e6d2ec9d, eid_38700e5f, eid_022d1fd9, eid_81582c30, eid_e4d35074, eid_7687dbe6, eid_379522c3, eid_2e1d6568, eid_a041a433, eid_8b67a68f, eid_c5bce3e8, eid_8a2cd06b, eid_2c74343d, eid_9e0ce30d, eid_f66c3942, eid_7b2a9f4a

---

Attendees
Hannah Miller, George Miller, Julia Garcia, Julia Davis, Fiona Johnson, George Williams, Hannah Taylor, Emma Taylor, George Martinez, George Davis, Emma Johnson, David Davis, Alice Jones, Julia Davis, David Davis, George Garcia, David Davis, Emma Martinez, Bob Taylor, Emma Smith, Alice Jones, Ian Martinez, Fiona Garcia, David Smith, Fiona Miller, Hannah Garcia, Charlie Smith, Fiona Johnson, Fiona Williams, Hannah Davis, George Taylor, David Garcia, Charlie Davis
Transcript
Hannah Miller: Alright team, let's kick off this sprint review. First, let's go over the completed PRs. Emma, could you start with the database schemas?
Emma Taylor: Sure, Hannah. The 'Design Flexible Database Schemas' PR is complete. We've implemented a flexible schema in our NoSQL database, which should help us accommodate new customer profile data without major changes. Any questions on that?
Fiona Johnson: Sounds great, Emma. This should really streamline our data handling. No questions from me.
Hannah Miller: Thanks, Emma. Next, George, could you update us on the backward compatibility layer?
George Miller: Absolutely. The 'Implement Backward Compatibility Layer for Existing REST API' is done. We've ensured that our existing systems can still function while we transition to GraphQL. Everything's been tested and is working smoothly.
George Williams: Great job, George. This will definitely help with the transition period.
Hannah Miller: Thanks, George. Lastly, the 'Update Authentication Service for JWT Support' PR. Julia, could you fill us in?
Julia Davis: Sure thing. We've updated the authentication service to support JWT. This should enhance our security and session management. Everything's been integrated and tested.
Hannah Taylor: That's excellent, Julia. JWT support is a big step forward for us.
Hannah Miller: Great work, everyone. Now, let's move on to the pending tasks. First up, 'Update data ingestion pipelines'. Julia Garcia, you're assigned to this. Can you confirm?
Julia Garcia: Got it, I'll handle the 'Develop Data Ingestion Pipelines' PR. I'll make sure the pipelines are robust and efficient.
Hannah Miller: Thanks, Julia. Next, 'Enhance NLP models'. Emma Johnson, your PR needs revisions. Emma Martinez, you'll be taking over. Can you confirm?
Emma Martinez: I confirm, I'll take care of setting up the training environment for the NLP models and submit a new PR.
Hannah Miller: Great, Emma. Moving on to 'Expand CRM integration capabilities'. Julia Davis, you're on this. Can you confirm?
Julia Davis: Yes, I'll implement the 'Enhance Authentication and Authorization for GraphQL API' PR.
Hannah Miller: Thanks, Julia. Next, 'Implement security measures for APIs'. Emma Smith, you're assigned to this. Can you confirm?
Emma Smith: I confirm, I'll conduct the security audit and address any vulnerabilities found.
Hannah Miller: Thanks, Emma. Lastly, 'Improve user interface'. Alice, your PR needs revisions. Emma Johnson, you'll be taking over. Can you confirm?
Emma Johnson: Yes, I'll work on the 'Integrate User Feedback Mechanism into UI' PR and submit a new one.
Hannah Miller: Perfect. Thanks, everyone, for your updates and confirmations. Let's make sure we stay on track for the next sprint. Any final thoughts or questions?
George Davis: Just a quick one, Hannah. For the data ingestion pipelines, do we have a timeline for when we want the initial version ready?
Hannah Miller: Good question, George. Let's aim for the end of this sprint to have a working version. Julia, does that sound feasible?
Julia Garcia: Yes, that should be doable. I'll keep everyone updated on the progress.
Hannah Miller: Great. Thanks, everyone. Let's wrap up and get to work!
