# product-planning - Meeting Transcript

**ID:** product_dev_SearchForce_9 | **Date:** 2027-01-20
**Participants:** eid_d0b6cb92, eid_439a052b, eid_6d14c4ec, eid_887367ca, eid_5b61c55e, eid_efc9418c, eid_aa99608e, eid_9b8bc088, eid_e5715d9e, eid_160fca3c, eid_13786f09, eid_7db4431d, eid_3fa288cf, eid_990f697c, eid_b7f0726e, eid_0aa7db32, eid_7bd14403, eid_e7622cfb, eid_51f0b41f, eid_070b6e41, eid_12c203a5, eid_681e9def, eid_b20b58ad, eid_4eec2a5a

---

Attendees
Julia Taylor, Alice Smith, David Williams, George Davis, Charlie Miller, Fiona Davis, Julia Martinez, David Taylor, Emma Johnson, David Garcia, Alice Taylor, David Jones, Hannah Brown, George Davis, Charlie Miller, Bob Jones, Charlie Jones, Fiona Taylor, Hannah Brown, Alice Miller, George Johnson, Bob Miller, Julia Jones, Alice Jones
Transcript
Julia Taylor: Alright, everyone, let's get started with our sprint review. First, let's go over the status of our completed PRs. Does anyone have updates on those?
Alice Taylor: I can start. The PR for the session data cleanup mechanism was submitted, but it needs some additional revisions based on the feedback we received.
David Taylor: Thanks, Alice. Let's make sure we address those revisions promptly. Now, moving on to our pending tasks. We have the implementation of context awareness algorithms. This is crucial for enhancing the AI's ability to understand query intent.
George Davis: Exactly, and it's important for us to ensure that the context awareness algorithms are robust and efficient. Who's currently assigned to this task?
Julia Jones: That would be me. I'll be working on a new PR for the context awareness algorithms. I plan to incorporate the feedback from the previous PR and make the necessary improvements.
Julia Taylor: Great, Julia. Can you confirm that you'll handle this task and submit the new PR?
Julia Jones: Got it, I’ll handle this. I'll make sure to address all the feedback and submit the new PR by the end of the week.
Alice Smith: Just a quick note, Julia, make sure to check the latest guidelines on session data handling. We want to ensure that our cleanup mechanism aligns with those.
Julia Jones: Thanks, Alice. I'll definitely look into that.
David Williams: And if you need any help with the algorithms, feel free to reach out. I worked on something similar in a previous project.
Julia Jones: Will do, David. I appreciate the offer.
George Davis: Alright, sounds like we have a plan. Let's make sure we stay on top of these tasks and keep the momentum going. Any other comments or questions before we wrap up?
Fiona Davis: Just a reminder to document any changes thoroughly. It’ll help us in the long run, especially when onboarding new team members.
Julia Taylor: Absolutely, Fiona. Documentation is key. If there are no further questions, let's get back to work. Thanks, everyone!
