# System Design Document - Meeting Transcript

**ID:** flowAIX_planning_5 | **Date:** 2026-03-16
**Participants:** eid_2543da6a, eid_320cd970, eid_6039d1c9, eid_3f26c6e5, eid_1f678d18

---

Attendees
Alice Taylor, Alice Garcia, Alice Smith, Emma Garcia, David Brown
Transcript
George Garcia: Team, I wanted to get your feedback or suggestions on the System Design Document for flowAIX. Let's discuss the architecture first and then move on to AI capabilities, data integration, and other sections. Feel free to jump in with any thoughts or concerns.
Alice Taylor: Thanks, George. On the architecture, I noticed we are using Kubernetes for managing microservices, which is great. However, I think we should also mention how we plan to handle stateful services, as this can be a bit tricky with Kubernetes. Can we add a section on that?
George Garcia: Good point, Alice. We can definitely add a subsection detailing our approach to stateful services, perhaps using StatefulSets or another strategy. I'll make a note of that.
Alice Garcia: Regarding AI capabilities, I think it would be beneficial to specify the types of machine learning models we are using. Are they supervised, unsupervised, or a mix of both? This could help in understanding the system's predictive capabilities better.
George Garcia: That's a valid suggestion, Alice. We are primarily using supervised models for predictive analytics and unsupervised for sentiment analysis. I'll clarify that in the document.
David Brown: On data integration, the phased timeline for GraphQL integration looks solid. However, can we get a clarification on the potential risks involved in this transition and how we plan to mitigate them?
George Garcia: Sure, David. The main risks involve compatibility issues and potential downtime during the transition. We plan to mitigate these by running parallel systems during the pilot phase and conducting thorough testing. I'll add these details to the document.
Alice Smith: For security and compliance, I see we are using AES-256 for encryption. Can we also include information on how we handle key management? This is crucial for maintaining data security.
George Garcia: Absolutely, Alice. Key management is handled through a secure vault system, ensuring that keys are rotated regularly and stored securely. I'll include this in the security section.
Emma Garcia: I have a suggestion for the user onboarding section. It might be helpful to include a feedback loop mechanism where users can report onboarding issues directly through Slack. This could streamline the process and improve user experience.
George Garcia: Great idea, Emma. We can integrate a feedback bot within Slack for real-time issue reporting. I'll add this to the user onboarding and support section.
Alice Taylor: Lastly, on future enhancements, while expanding AI capabilities is important, can we also consider enhancing our analytics dashboard? Providing more customizable analytics could be a strong selling point.
George Garcia: I see your point, Alice. Customizable analytics would indeed add value. I'll propose this as a potential enhancement in the future roadmap section.
David Brown: Thanks, everyone, for the constructive feedback. George, once these updates are made, can we have a follow-up review session?
George Garcia: Of course, David. I'll incorporate all the suggestions and schedule another review session next week. Thanks, everyone, for your valuable input!
