# product-planning - Meeting Transcript

**ID:** product_dev_CollaborateForce_6 | **Date:** 2026-10-07
**Participants:** eid_0c373165, eid_1330d187, eid_ab6f41bc, eid_131494b8, eid_16935c12, eid_d3a4fc8f, eid_2d14387c, eid_9f1ff493, eid_54b986cf, eid_4988ee2a, eid_0e2e8d07, eid_3516c527, eid_ec5cb5c2, eid_1e7c8290, eid_a7dd9c52, eid_446bc3ee, eid_a8040636, eid_13df35ed, eid_76d9cb07, eid_df7ae03e, eid_b3fcc490, eid_0aa9f1f7, eid_a88ee967, eid_abbf3651, eid_737797e3, eid_ec70ac57, eid_619c8be2, eid_7dfbbca2, eid_7fba1318, eid_9e9883de, eid_67036b20, eid_f0c7a505, eid_63ea0ec4, eid_2594f98a, eid_69130545, eid_8986ddc3, eid_70223d0a, eid_67416adf, eid_987771ee, eid_c2a92a40, eid_4d18a84c, eid_a1fab288, eid_8cbee5b3, eid_c42e5095, eid_86f94a48, eid_01e37306, eid_724e1180

---

Attendees
George Garcia, Fiona Miller, Fiona Brown, Fiona Davis, Hannah Smith, Bob Brown, David Miller, George Smith, Fiona Miller, Emma Brown, Hannah Brown, Emma Taylor, Alice Taylor, Hannah Smith, Hannah Garcia, Emma Jones, David Williams, George Jones, David Miller, David Martinez, Emma Smith, Ian Garcia, Hannah Williams, Bob Garcia, Julia Davis, David Jones, Hannah Johnson, Ian Davis, Fiona Davis, Hannah Garcia, Alice Smith, George Brown, Hannah Garcia, Emma Williams, George Johnson, Alice Jones, David Taylor, Bob Davis, David Miller, David Smith, Julia Miller, Hannah Miller, Fiona Taylor, Julia Davis, Bob Martinez, Fiona Davis, Julia Miller
Transcript
George Garcia: Good morning, everyone. Let's kick off this sprint review by discussing the status of our completed PRs. First up, we have the 'Implement Resolvers for GraphQL Queries and Mutations'. Great work on this, team. Any comments or feedback?
David Miller: Thanks, George. The resolvers are working smoothly, and the integration tests passed without any issues. This should really streamline our data handling.
George Garcia: Excellent. Next, 'Implement Bandwidth Estimation and Adaptation'. This was crucial for our real-time collaboration features. How did it go?
George Jones: It went well. We managed to dynamically adjust the video and audio quality based on network conditions, which should enhance user experience significantly.
George Garcia: Great job, George. Moving on to 'Develop End-to-End Encryption for Group Discussions'. Security is a top priority, so this was a big one.
Emma Brown: Yes, the encryption is now fully implemented, ensuring that only intended participants can access the conversation data. We've tested it thoroughly.
George Garcia: Fantastic. Now, 'Create Customizable Dashboards for Different User Roles'. How's that looking?
David Taylor: The dashboards are now customizable based on user roles, allowing for a more personalized experience. Feedback has been positive so far.
George Garcia: Awesome. Lastly, 'Enhance API with AI-Powered Suggestions'. This is a key feature for CollaborateForce.
David Miller: The API now includes AI-powered suggestions, which should significantly improve collaboration by providing relevant data points and visualizations.
George Garcia: Great work, everyone. Let's move on to the pending tasks and PR assignments. First, the 'AI engine feedback loop'. Julia, I see you submitted a PR that needs revisions. Can you update us?
Hannah Garcia: Sure, George. I've made some initial changes, but I need to refine the integration of feedback data into the AI model's training pipeline. I'll work on a new PR.
Julia Miller: I’ll take over from here and submit the new PR. Got it, I’ll handle this.
George Garcia: Thanks, Julia. Next, 'API design with GraphQL'. Emma, this one's for you.
Emma Jones: I confirm, I’ll take care of this implementation. I'll ensure the GraphQL API integrates seamlessly with our existing systems.
George Garcia: Perfect. Now, 'WebRTC optimization for collaboration tools'. George, you're up.
George Jones: Got it, I’ll handle this. I'll focus on optimizing the WebRTC data channels for better performance.
George Garcia: Thanks, George. Moving on to 'Encryption protocols for communication features'. Emma, this one's yours.
Emma Brown: I confirm, I’ll take care of this implementation. I'll work on the secure handshake protocol for initial connections.
George Garcia: Great. Next, 'UI components for accessibility and customization'. David, can you handle this?
David Taylor: Yes, I confirm. I'll implement the role-based access control for dashboard customization.
George Garcia: Thanks, David. Lastly, 'Expand API support'. David, you're also on this one.
David Miller: Got it, I’ll handle this. I'll work on creating comprehensive API documentation.
George Garcia: Excellent. Thanks, everyone, for your hard work and collaboration. Let's keep up the momentum and make this sprint a success.
