# product-planning - Meeting Transcript

**ID:** product_dev_CollaborateForce_10 | **Date:** 2026-11-21
**Participants:** eid_0c373165, eid_1330d187, eid_ab6f41bc, eid_131494b8, eid_16935c12, eid_d3a4fc8f, eid_2d14387c, eid_9f1ff493, eid_54b986cf, eid_4988ee2a, eid_0e2e8d07, eid_3516c527, eid_ec5cb5c2, eid_1e7c8290, eid_a7dd9c52, eid_446bc3ee, eid_a8040636, eid_13df35ed, eid_76d9cb07, eid_df7ae03e, eid_b3fcc490, eid_0aa9f1f7, eid_a88ee967, eid_abbf3651, eid_737797e3, eid_ec70ac57, eid_619c8be2, eid_7dfbbca2, eid_7fba1318, eid_9e9883de, eid_67036b20, eid_f0c7a505, eid_63ea0ec4, eid_2594f98a, eid_69130545, eid_8986ddc3, eid_70223d0a, eid_67416adf, eid_987771ee, eid_c2a92a40, eid_4d18a84c, eid_a1fab288, eid_8cbee5b3, eid_c42e5095, eid_86f94a48, eid_01e37306, eid_724e1180

---

Attendees
George Garcia, Fiona Miller, Fiona Brown, Fiona Davis, Hannah Smith, Bob Brown, David Miller, George Smith, Fiona Miller, Emma Brown, Hannah Brown, Emma Taylor, Alice Taylor, Hannah Smith, Hannah Garcia, Emma Jones, David Williams, George Jones, David Miller, David Martinez, Emma Smith, Ian Garcia, Hannah Williams, Bob Garcia, Julia Davis, David Jones, Hannah Johnson, Ian Davis, Fiona Davis, Hannah Garcia, Alice Smith, George Brown, Hannah Garcia, Emma Williams, George Johnson, Alice Jones, David Taylor, Bob Davis, David Miller, David Smith, Julia Miller, Hannah Miller, Fiona Taylor, Julia Davis, Bob Martinez, Fiona Davis, Julia Miller
Transcript
George Garcia: Alright, everyone, let's get started with our sprint review for CollaborateForce. First, let's go over the status of our completed PRs. Emma, could you give us a quick update?
Emma Jones: Sure, George. So far, we've completed the integration of the AI suggestion engine with the main dashboard. The PR was merged last week, and initial feedback has been positive.
David Miller: That's great to hear, Emma. The AI suggestions are a key feature for our users. Now, let's move on to the pending tasks. We have the API design with GraphQL. Emma, could you update us on the status of the PR related to this task?
Emma Jones: Yes, David. I submitted a PR for the GraphQL API documentation, but it needs additional revisions based on the feedback we received.
Julia Davis: I'll be taking over the revisions for this PR. I'll make sure to address all the feedback and submit a new PR by the end of the week.
George Garcia: Great, Julia. Just to confirm, you'll be handling the new PR for the GraphQL API documentation?
Julia Davis: Yes, I confirm. I'll take care of this implementation.
Alice Taylor: Julia, if you need any help with the schema details or integration guidelines, feel free to reach out. We want to ensure the documentation is comprehensive.
Julia Davis: Thanks, Alice. I'll definitely reach out if I need any assistance.
David Miller: Alright, with that settled, let's make sure we have everything aligned for the next sprint. Any other tasks or PRs we need to discuss?
George Garcia: I think that's it for now. Let's keep the momentum going and ensure we meet our deadlines. Thanks, everyone, for your hard work.
Emma Jones: Thanks, George. Looking forward to seeing the progress in the next sprint.
David Miller: Great job, team. Let's keep pushing forward. Meeting adjourned.
