# product-planning - Meeting Transcript

**ID:** product_dev_ForecastForce_9 | **Date:** 2026-07-31
**Participants:** eid_12f75faa, eid_86044ae5, eid_bd791efc, eid_3b36c220, eid_9f13e9bc, eid_b5009faa, eid_f9e25d18, eid_edc07895, eid_5fdedf85, eid_efb73819, eid_fe9e7eee, eid_bef4290f, eid_1bf91687, eid_dbc6178f, eid_2604c806, eid_8a3b36d4, eid_b7702c98, eid_8333ab24, eid_57e922c4, eid_cc27a0cd, eid_9685a278, eid_6d9f2150, eid_c702b642

---

Attendees
David Taylor, George Brown, David Garcia, David Smith, Hannah Taylor, Alice Taylor, Bob Williams, Julia Jones, Alice Smith, Hannah Taylor, George Garcia, Alice Williams, Julia Miller, Hannah Garcia, George Jones, Alice Garcia, Bob Johnson, Julia Jones, Alice Miller, Charlie Johnson, Bob Miller, Hannah Johnson, Alice Jones
Transcript
David Taylor: Alright, everyone, let's get started with our sprint review. First, let's go over the status of our completed PRs. Does anyone have updates on those?
David Smith: I can start. The PR for the new data visualization module was successfully merged last week. The feedback from the QA team was positive, and it seems to be working well with the existing components.
Hannah Taylor: Great to hear! I also wanted to mention that the performance improvements for the data processing engine have been completed and deployed. We've seen a 20% increase in processing speed.
Bob Williams: That's excellent progress. Now, let's move on to the pending tasks and PRs. We have the integration capabilities task, which is crucial for our upcoming release.
Julia Miller: Yes, I submitted a PR for the integration testing suite, but it needs additional revisions based on the feedback I received.
Julia Jones: I'll be working on a new PR for that. I'll make sure to address the feedback and submit it by the end of the week.
David Taylor: Great, Julia. So, just to confirm, you'll handle the new PR for the integration testing suite?
Julia Jones: Yes, I confirm. I'll take care of this implementation.
George Brown: Perfect. Is there anything else we need to discuss regarding this task?
David Garcia: I think we're good. Just a reminder to keep the documentation updated as you make changes, Julia.
Julia Jones: Got it, I'll ensure the documentation is up to date.
Alice Taylor: Before we wrap up, are there any blockers or issues anyone wants to bring up?
Hannah Taylor: Not at the moment. Everything seems to be on track from my side.
Hannah Taylor: Same here. Let's keep the momentum going.
David Taylor: Alright, if there are no further comments, let's adjourn the meeting. Thanks, everyone, for your hard work. Let's aim to have a productive sprint!
