# product-planning - Meeting Transcript

**ID:** product_dev_SentimentForce_4 | **Date:** 2026-06-04
**Participants:** eid_d96fb219, eid_802e8eff, eid_fd8cecea, eid_96000199, eid_5890ce38, eid_4df5d4b7, eid_8658e19c, eid_fa6ec727, eid_13cb0e90, eid_92294e45, eid_4cede092, eid_443fee06, eid_6cc1a0f6, eid_31cb6db5, eid_fc4619fa

---

Attendees
Emma Miller, Charlie Garcia, Fiona Taylor, Charlie Smith, George Miller, Bob Miller, Ian Smith, Fiona Martinez, Julia Davis, Hannah Davis, Ian Jones, David Garcia, David Miller, Ian Garcia, David Miller
Transcript
Emma Miller: Alright team, let's kick off this sprint review. First up, let's discuss the completed PRs. Charlie, can you give us a quick update on the evaluation of RabbitMQ and Kafka?
Charlie Garcia: Sure, Emma. We completed the evaluation and decided that RabbitMQ is the best fit for our message queue needs. It offers better ease of integration and community support, which aligns well with our current architecture.
Fiona Taylor: Great choice, Charlie. RabbitMQ should streamline our processes. Now, let's move on to the pending tasks. First, we have the message queue setup. Bob, this one's assigned to you.
Bob Miller: Got it, I'll handle the implementation of RabbitMQ. I'll start with configuring the server and setting up the necessary queues.
Charlie Smith: Perfect, Bob. Next, we have the multilingual support for the NLP engine. Julia, your PR needs some revisions. Hannah, you'll be taking over this task, right?
Hannah Davis: Yes, I confirm. I'll work on refining the NLP engine for better multilingual contextual analysis and submit a new PR.
Julia Davis: Thanks, Hannah. Let me know if you need any insights from my initial work.
George Miller: Moving on, we have the UI/UX task for the dashboard. Fiona, your PR needs some revisions. David, you'll be taking over, correct?
David Garcia: I confirm, I'll take care of integrating D3.js for the sentiment trend visualization.
Fiona Martinez: Thanks, David. Feel free to reach out if you need any help with the D3.js integration.
Fiona Taylor: Lastly, we have the data compliance and security enhancement task. Ian, your PR needs revisions. David Miller, you'll be handling this, right?
David Miller: Yes, I confirm. I'll work on implementing the role-based access controls for sensitive data.
Ian Jones: Thanks, David. Let me know if you need any details from my initial PR.
Emma Miller: Great, it looks like we have a solid plan moving forward. Let's aim to have these tasks completed by the end of the sprint. If anyone encounters any blockers, please reach out immediately. Thanks, everyone!
